README.md, before:


# IntelliTect.Snippets

##### *A VSIX extension for sharing code snippets.*

  

To add a snippet, change the extension of your xml file to `.snippet` and place it in the IntelliTect.Snippets folder associated with the language of the Snippet in the IntelliTect.Snippets project. (e.g. A C# Snippet would be place in the *IntelliTect.Snippets* folder inside the CSharp folder: Snippets -> CSharp -> *IntelliTect.Snippets* ). Then add the shortcut and description of your snippet to the table here in the README.

  

If adding a language you can refer to this [guide for help.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/how-to-distribute-code-snippets?view=vs-2019)

  

New snippets that are pulled into Master will automatically be published to the latest version of the IntelliTect.Snippets VSIX extension (See updates).

  
  
  

### Updates

To automatically have the latest IntelliTect.Snippets at you disposal, be sure to have automatic updates enabled for IntelliTect.Snippets in Visual Studio's **Extension Manager**:
![Extension Manager](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IntelliTect/IntelliTect.Snippets/master/READMEScreenshots/autoUpdateExtensions.JPG)

  
  

## Snippets

  

|Shortcut |Description |
|--|--|
| `NonNullProp` |Code snippit for setting non nullable property |
| | |

Commit message:

Update readme with publishing info

README.md, after:

# IntelliTect.Snippets

  

##### *A VSIX extension for sharing code snippets.*

  

  

To add a snippet, change the extension of your xml file to `.snippet` and place it in the IntelliTect.Snippets folder associated with the language of the Snippet in the IntelliTect.Snippets project. (e.g. A C# Snippet would be place in the *IntelliTect.Snippets* folder inside the CSharp folder: Snippets -> CSharp -> *IntelliTect.Snippets* ). Then add the shortcut and description of your snippet to the table here in the README.
 

If adding a language you can refer to this [guide for help.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/how-to-distribute-code-snippets?view=vs-2019)


  

### Updates

  

To automatically have the latest IntelliTect.Snippets at you disposal, be sure to have automatic updates enabled for IntelliTect.Snippets in Visual Studio's **Extension Manager**:

![Extension Manager](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/IntelliTect/IntelliTect.Snippets/master/READMEScreenshots/autoUpdateExtensions.JPG)

New snippets that are pulled into Master will automatically be published to the latest version of the IntelliTect.Snippets VSIX extension -> There is a [build pipeline in DevOps](https://intellitect.visualstudio.com/IntelliTect.Snippets/_build) that includes a PowerShell script that publishes the built IntelliTect.Snippets.vsix to the Visual Studio Marketplace. More details about publishing Visual Studio Marketplace extensions can be [found here.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/extensibility/walkthrough-publishing-a-visual-studio-extension-via-command-line?view=vs-2019)

  

## Snippets

  

|Shortcut |Description |
|--|--|
| `NonNullProp` |Code snippit for setting non nullable property |
| | |
